= Guard::Test

Test::Unit guard allows to automatically & intelligently launch tests when files are modified or created.

== Compatibility

- Compatible with Test::Unit 2.1.1.
- Tested on Ruby 1.8.6, 1.8.7, REE & 1.9.2.

== Install

Please be sure to have {Guard}[https://github.com/guard/guard] installed before continue.

Install the gem:

  gem install guard-test

Add it to your Gemfile (inside test group):

  gem 'guard-test'

Add Guard definition to your Guardfile by running this command:

  guard init test

== Usage

Please read {Guard usage doc}[https://github.com/guard/guard#readme].

== Guardfile

Guard::Test can be adapted to many kind of projects.

=== Standard Ruby project

  guard 'test' do
    watch(%r{lib/(.*)\.rb})      { |m| "test/#{m[1]}_test.rb" }
    watch(%r{test/.*_test\.rb})
    watch('test/test_helper.rb') { "test" }
  end

=== Ruby On Rails project

  guard 'test' do
    watch(%r{app/models/(.*)\.rb})                     { |m| "test/unit/#{m[1]}_test.rb" }
    watch(%r{app/controllers/(.*)\.rb})                { |m| "test/functional/#{m[1]}_test.rb" }
    watch(%r{app/views/.*\.rb})                        { "test/integration" }
    watch(%r{lib/(.*)\.rb})                            { |m| "test/#{m[1]}_test.rb" }
    watch(%r{test/.*_test.rb})
    watch('app/controllers/application_controller.rb') { ["test/functional", "test/integration"] }
    watch('test/test_helper.rb')                       { "test" }
  end

Please read {Guard doc}[https://github.com/guard/guard#readme] for more info about Guardfile DSL.

== Options

Guard::Test allows you to choose between two different runners (Guard::Test's runners are inherited from Test::Unit's console runner):
- <tt>'default'</tt>: Display tests results as they happen, with different chars ('.' for pass, 'F' for fail, 'E' for error) and print failures/errors messages & backtraces when all the tests are finished. Obviously, this is the guard-test default.
- <tt>'fastfail'</tt>: Display tests results as they happen and print failures/errors messages & backtraces immediately.

Available options:

    :runner => 'fastfail'      # default to 'default'
    :bundler => false          # don't use "bundle exec"
    :rvm => ['1.8.7', '1.9.2'] # directly run your specs on multiple ruby

Set the desired options as follow method:

  guard 'test', :runner => 'fastfail', :bundle => false, :rvm => ['1.8.7', 'ree'] do
    ...
  end

== Development

- Source hosted on GitHub: https://github.com/guard/guard-test
- Report issues/Questions/Feature requests on GitHub Issues: https://github.com/guard/guard-test/issues

Pull requests are very welcome!
Make sure your patches are well tested.
Please create a topic branch for every separate change you make.

== Author

{Rémy Coutable}[https://github.com/rymai]

== Kudos

Many thanks to {Thibaud Guillaume-Gentil}[https://github.com/thibaudgg] for creating the excellent Guard gem.
